#summary Things changed from the original game for XNA version

= Things changed =

*No more hold space*

The hold space option is removed from the game.

*Discard changes*

You still have the option to discard or play during your turn. If you do not play a hand, you must discard at least 1 card. For each card you discard that turn, you receive 10% less damage from the enemy's next turn. If the enemy does not attack you in their next turn, you instead get healed by a small amount (the value of the cards discarded probably - not counting bonuses from "hand"s in the cards discarded). Card abilities also activate on discard.

*Card ability changes*

All card abilities now only activate on discard. There are no longer card abilities that activate as part of playing your hand. When you choose to discard a card, if that card has an ability, it activates. Generally a card's ability lasts through your next turn or longer, depending on the card and its effect. Some card abilities may last longer or may be instant (see card ability list below). Some card abilities may also produce negative effects for you, discouraging discarding it.

*Card abilities list*

Anything that may be stacked by playing multiples is denoted with (stacks)

  * double damage - stylized x2 - you do double damage on your next turn.(stacks)
  * View enemy hand - eyeball logo with a number by it (denotes number of turns) - view enemy hand for X turns, denoted by the number in the icon
  * gain X life - red cross with number on it - gain X life immediately, with the number denoting the value (maybe change to % value?)(Stacks)
  * no discard - enemy cannot discard any cards next turn (they must play something)
  * no play - enemy cannot play any cards next turn (they must discard)
  * vampire - deal only half damage next turn, but gain life equal to half of THAT damage dealt
  * discard a card - immediately view enemy hand, and choose and discard a card (it does not count as a discarded card for them)(stacks)
  * damage increase - instead of 10% damage reduction per card discarded, each card increases the amount of damage you do by 10%(stacks)
  * damage reduction plus - each card discarded gives you a 20% damage reduction instead of 10%
  * purify hand - enemy hand immediately loses all abilities
  * evil hand - enemy hand becomes filled with negative bonuses only

  * cannot discard - can't discard this card (it can only be removed by being played)
  * damage burn - immediately take damage equal to 2x the value you would otherwise be healed from all discarded cards(stacks)
  * damage shield reverse - instead of 10% damage reduction, your discarded cards increase damage taken next turn by 10% per discarded card(stacks)


*Play Bonuses*
  * "Same Hand Bonus"- for each hand starting from the third, each time you play the same hand, you get a sizeable, increasing damage bonus.
  * "Ramp Up Bonus"- for each hand starting from the third, each time you play a hand that is greater than your previous hand, you get bonus damage, which increases each time.

= FYI stuff =

  * if you don't play a card this turn, you must discard at least one card
  * if you have no poker hand to play, you may do "X high" that is, you may play your entire hand as-is, to do the base damage value of each card.
  * if you discard multiple cards with abilities not of the same type, they resolve in a set order (to be determined)